This stunning four-bedroom split-level property is located in the heart of Muswell Hill, overlooking St. James Church. With four large double bedrooms, a large separate living room, and a fitted kitchen/dining area with dishwasher and washing machine, this flat is not to be missed. The property also includes a tiled bathroom, one en-suite shower room and WC, and is offered furnished. Professionals or students are welcome.
This lower ground floor three-bedroom apartment is stylishly presented with a bright reception room, modern kitchen, and private terrace. It boasts three double bedrooms, three bathrooms (two bedrooms with en suite bathrooms), and is situated within walking distance to Swiss Cottage and Hampstead underground stations, and close to all the fabulous amenities of Hampstead Village.
This immaculate three bedroom apartment located on the lower ground floor of a stylish Victorian house conversion in Hampstead is the perfect home for you! Enjoy a bright reception room, modern kitchen, private terrace, three double bedrooms, and three bathrooms (two bedrooms with en suite bathrooms). You'll be within walking distance to Swiss Cottage and Hampstead underground stations, and close to all the amazing amenities of Hampstead Village. Don't miss out on this amazing opportunity - book a viewing today!
This stunning three bedroom apartment is located on the lower ground floor of a Victorian house conversion in Hampstead. With a bright reception room, modern kitchen, and private terrace, you'll have plenty of space to live and entertain. The three double bedrooms, two of which have en suite bathrooms, will provide plenty of comfort and convenience. Plus, you'll be near Swiss Cottage and Hampstead underground stations, and all the amazing amenities of Hampstead Village!
This immaculate 3-bed apartment is situated in a stylish Victorian house conversion in Hampstead. Boasting a bright reception room, modern kitchen, private terrace, 3 double bedrooms and 3 bathrooms (2 of which have en suites), it's the perfect home. Plus, it's close to Swiss Cottage & Hampstead underground stations and all the amenities of Hampstead Village.
This immaculate three bedroom apartment is located on the lower ground floor of a stylish Victorian house conversion in Hampstead.

The property boasts a bright reception room, modern kitchen and private terrace. It has three double bedrooms, two of which come with en suite bathrooms. 

The apartment is conveniently situated within walking distance to Swiss Cottage and Hampstead underground stations, and is close to all the wonderful amenities of Hampstead Village.
This luxury one bedroom apartment is situated in the impressive Argo House development, on the 2nd floor. 

The inviting living space features a fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, and fitted bedroom storage. There is also a private terrace. 

Residents benefit from a concierge service and the development is conveniently located near Maida Vale Underground station, providing excellent transport links across London. 

Deposit: Equivalent to 5 weeks’ rent 
Council: Brent London, Band B
Client Money Protection (CMP) provided by: UKALA
The Property Ombudsman Scheme, Membership No: T02100
This luxurious one bedroom apartment is situated on the second floor of the prestigious Argo House development. Boasting an inviting living space, a fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, fitted bedroom storage and a private terrace, this property is the perfect place to call home.

Residents will also benefit from a concierge service. The development is conveniently located close to Maida Vale Underground station, providing excellent transport links across London.

Deposit: Equivalent to 5 weeks’ rent

Council: Brent London, Band B

Client Money Protection (CMP) provided by: UKALA

The Property Ombudsman Scheme, Membership No: T02100
